docs: add tests page (#552)
Frachtwerk/essencium-frontend: packages/docs/pages/devguide/testing.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

# Testing

We use [Vitest](https://vitest.dev) and [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro) for testing our components and functions. For E2E tests, we use [Playwright](https://playwright.dev).

<Callout emoji="ℹ️" type="info">
  For testing translations, we agreed on validating the translation key **for
  component tests** instead of the resolved value. For E2E tests, we validate
  the resolved value in the UI.
</Callout>

## Component tests

> For every new components, it's required to write a corresponding component tests that checks the output dependent on the given inputs like props, state, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every new component, it's required to write a corresponding component test, that checks the output dependent on the given inputs like props, state, etc.
```

## Unit tests

> For i.e. utility functions, it's required to write a corresponding unit tests that checks the output dependent on the given inputs of that function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For i.e. utility functions, it's required to write a corresponding unit test that checks the output dependent on the given inputs of that function.
```
